[Music]
if you find yourself burglaring a house
only to discover that it's been rigged
of deadly traps and you're locked in by
a spider living killer then you've come
to the right place
in today's video on cinema summary I'll
be diving deep into how to survive
escape and beat the bad guy in a recap
of the bloody nerve-wracking home
invader horror the collector let us know
how you would beat him in the comments
below and as always if you want to see
more leave a like and subscribe for all
their latest our story starts here on
the grounds of a massive house which as
we all know is the perfect setting for a
horror movie remote location check
pickled house check steel bars on every
window making it impossible to escape
triple-check
it's here we meet our sleepy eye hero
Arkan
an ex-con handyman who's been working on
the home for a while now and fun fact
you might recognize him as John pilgrim
Punisher or barsaat in the Dark Knight
Rises remember him Arkin gets to know
the house and the family who owns it the
chase is made up of Michael Victoria
Jill Anna and Chevy wait a second Chevy
get out of here shoo now what the chases
don't know is that our kinsman scoping
the place out to steal a rare gem from
the family safe because Michael is a
jewelry broker Vlad the subterfuge
because Arkans wife owes money to loan
sharks and needs to pay them off by
midnight
Melvin so took a strap as a mode so
Arkin cuts a deal with his boss to steal
the gym and pay off their debt now
heading back to the house with a
safecracking gear he parked his car and
approaches the house but things
immediately get strange he's attacked by
a dog the family definitely doesn't own
and the ascendant alarm is turned off he
makes his way upstairs all sneaky-like
and begins to crack the safe with only
one number left to go here's another
sneaky squeaky and realizes that someone
else is here Arkin goes downstairs to
escape but finds the door has new
deadbolt locks cape
inside before we get too far into it our
kids already made a few mistakes here so
let's rewind what he doesn't have shown
acting as a lookout slash getaway driver
I mean he could have tried calling any
of his friends to help him out with this
and - we should have checked to see if
anything else was off about the house I
mean when a random dog attacks you maybe
you should look around a bit to see if
there are lights on or like a creepy
shadow in the window looking for a place
to hide he opens the closet to find a
homeowner and insel defense Michael
reaches for a golf club and triggers
this really elaborate trap that sends
him flying on the stairs they get
dragged away by a masked man Parkinson
finds himself the victim of another trap
looking for a telephone he gets stabbed
by a nail right in the ear hole I don't
know about you but I would never pick up
a phone like that
hello someone used my credit card and
bought a hundred thousand kilograms of
cocaine off the black market why yes
that was me sidestepping the many plot
holes what can we do that Arkin did it
Arkin had the right idea to check if it
worked
and a does bring up the question how do
you get help
first telephones the power of the house
still works and getting help either from
the cops or from a friend might help you
get out of there and if you have your
own phone use it unless you're poor like
Arkin in which case use man's greatest
discover Okemah I mean fire a house as
fancy as this should have a smoke alarm
somewhere so be sure to check which
rooms have a fire alarm starting with
the kitchen from what we see the stove
isn't trapped see look she's fat I mean
she's still guys but at least the stove
didn't kill her so all you need is some
toilet paper to get a nice fire going
that trip the alarms did we start at the
fire well-conserved get this mask off my
phone sent an alert to the fire
department who should be underway
shortly if they collect two removes the
fire alarms set something upstairs on
fire a wing of the house curtains or Joe
Pesci as fired can be seen from anyone
outside from pretty far away and burning
it upstairs keeps the risk love no back
to the story bleeding he heads to the
window which is boarded up and lined
with Fraser's as Arkin finds out the
hard way after cutting his hand on the
blades and those are the only traps are
confined ladies and gents no sir you've
got a bear trap room the staircase full
of spikes the chandelier full of knives
and the web of razors a brooms strung up
with needle think cables that you rip
into your skin like butter
okay can I just say there is no way this
guy will be able to do all of this in a
single night getting everything inside
the house setting up the traps boarding
up the windows it's strong the deadbolt
locks all that would take a lot more
than just a single night to do this
whole sequence plays out like home alone
for horror files I mean cheese Macaulay
Culkin you got really dark
I guess they left your home alone for
too long
now about that window what should he
have done ARCA had a good idea in
breaking out of the windows it's a
common entry and exit for burglars and
it's also used to escape a house in case
of a fire so there's a logic there but
he made a few mistakes and testing the
idea first he was pulling on the center
of the plank which is a bad way to rip
it off because you have to deal the two
ends nailed to the frame second he
didn't check at the window was
booby-trapped which he should have been
careful of since he knows something is
up with the house to be fair I don't
think anyone would expect them to be
trapped but at least you'd still want to
be more careful taking your hands out
now how do we get out since the first
floor windows are barred and the
second-floor windows are boarded up he
should have tried the ones in the Attic
we get a clear shot of where they are in
the house and all it would take is to
find the entrance and drop level by
level to get to the ground
it's a risky strategy but between a
cruel slow death or getting hurt from a
fall that doesn't sound that bad
you could also find a different way
through the glass double doors on the
ground floor but this takes some setup
since the doorway to the basement is
near the kitchen you would first knock
the collector down the stairs lock the
door and barricade it from the outside
using chairs tables or whatever else you
can bring near by doing this gives you
time to do three things one bypass the
web a razor wires by going underneath it
or around it to breaking the doors down
and unlocking it and three getting out
while keeping the collector but what if
the doors are reinforced or they have
their own deadbolt locks you can still
lock the collector in the basement but
instead take the time to break through
the windows this time with more
technique throughout the different
bedrooms or tables desks and dressers
you can attach them to the boards on the
windows using cloth and barbed wire that
way you can push the furniture away in
downwards using your legs leverage and
gravity to get more force than you would
trying to pull it off looking for a way
out he runs it to Michael and his wife
Victoria tied up in the basement
Arkan talks to them and learns a few
things
one the safes combo to the gun inside of
it and three their daughter Hannah is
missing
but when Arkin goes to unlock the safe
he finds an unloaded gun
oh and that Rocky was looking for him so
it's not all that bad
he then hears pounding coming from this
box and inside is the collectors last
victim who spills the beans the masked
man is a collector of people only taking
those he likes wait if the collector has
been doing this to other people wouldn't
it be in the news that there were
disappearances and murders happening in
other houses and also how does he get
all these things for all these traps
does he take it alone I wonder what it's
credit score is Arkin boxes of the Box
guy before running into yet another trap
the stake for a bedroom that is also
acidic enough to eat through meat poor
kitty
after hiding from the collector in the
most obvious place he goes to rescue
Victoria but she freaks out after seeing
her husband's dead body and alerts the
collector as Arkin ambushes him knocks
him out grabs his keys and helps
everyone escape the house just kidding
she gets shanked and Arkin hides under a
desk smart and they Springs you to my
next bone to pick with this guy crime
management oricon is running up and down
the stairs like he's trying to get his
car do you win and not like he's solving
any problems why is he trying to save
Victoria with no way out and no weapon
to defend with as far as plans go this
is absolute trash I mean what are you
gonna do take her back to your hiding
spots if I were him I would have checked
the basement more knowing that the
collector is not there with me I might
have found something useful or maybe not
but it's better than doing this three
times but his plot would have it he sees
at the window Joe coming home with her
boyfriend and these two get it bad Jill
gets nailed to the face and her boy toy
gets bear trapped but not before Jill
manages to call the cops or can uses the
screwdriver he found the finally escaped
with the window what screwdriver
anyway he turns right and give one let's
get by but sees Hannah upstairs and
decides to rescue her oh the things I do
for love
he finds Hannah then saves her but gets
caught tied up and tortured by the
collector now I gotta say there's not
much our kin can do in this situation
his hands and feet are tied up he's
hooked to a board and he doesn't have
any tools to help him out so I think
he's right that has no choice but to rip
his way out good thing too because he
finds out this house is rigged to blow
up on that note Arkin could have used
the dynamite to escape assume we can get
the dynamite out of its cord you can
light the fuse using your matches or the
stove and place the dynamite in a
structurally weak place like a
windowsill or a door even if they're
reinforced like with bars and dead bolts
the dynamite should be enough to just
blow it all away after dealing with the
collectors Dog Arkin fights the
collector and tricks the collector in a
shooting open the front door and drops
the chandelier on him once outside Arkin
gets help from the police coming by and
gets put into an ambulance surviving the
house and returning to his family nope
the collector runs the ambulance over
collects Arkin putting him in a box and
even though he was stabbed by a bunch of
knives he's well enough to drive away a
straight-up fight he is not what you
should aim for our kids method using the
chandelier is simple and clean which is
the way it should be too many steps and
you risk things going wrong now you
could also use a chandelier in a
different way since Arkin runs into it
and the before it's hung up there's a
window of opportunity where you could
pull the knife out using your shirt they
get a better grip on the knife either by
wrapping your hand or wrapping the blade
and do it now if you are quiet and
sneaky enough you could do a sneak
attack on the collector and go for a few
targets spinal cord the side of the
Voicebox
going through the armpit stabbing the
liver or the back of a nice cutting
major arteries which will bleed out very
quickly and putting the collector on a
time limit to do anything or you could
try to use that as a pry bar for the
windows in case you don't magically find
a screwdriver you could also just push
him into the traps to kill him
like the Louisville razors the sticky
floor and the bear trap pushing the
collector when he least expects it or
blow them up using dynamite
another way to go about doing it is
using the gasoline in the basement one
way is to pour the gasoline in the
basement that leur the collector down
there using a loud noise from your
hiding spot light the gasoline on fire
using your matches in run or use the
gasoline to create petrol bombs from
bottles and vases using dishwashing rags
as a wick now I mentioned that you could
sneak attack the collector and that as a
strategy is risky but the thing is the
collector can't see very well this makes
me confident that you could hide
somewhere and ambush him using makeshift
weapons you could make a lock in a sock
which is a flail made by putting a small
heavy object in a long sock or bundle
cloth you could use padlocks cans of
tuna soda cans coins paper weights and
other small heavy objects as a weight
you could also make a glass ship
wrapping the bottom half of a glass
shard with cloth giving you an impromptu
knife all these weapons can be made of
objects found around a house and our
common go to makeshift weapons and there
you have it we have a ways to get out
get help and get even but what do you
guys think did we miss anything do you
agree or disagree for ideas how would
you beat the collector let us know in
the comments down below and with that
said thank you so much for watching I
really hoped you liked this new change
of pace I realize it's very different
but I wanted to try something new and
hey feel free to suggest any more movies
want me to cover I've got a few in mine
but I'm always curious to know more
until next time have a damn good day